= Branch Raker

<b>Use Branch Raker to maintain a build history for each branch. Originally created for LaTeX projects, but useful for anything that needs to be 'compiled'.</b>

<em>Intelligently builds the latest commit on all of your Git branches.</em>

== What is Branch Raker?

Branch Raker is implemented as a set of rake tasks.
The default action will build the most recent unbuilt commit for each branch.
Given access to a git repository, Branch Raker can be used to automatically maintain a build history for your project.

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

  gem 'branch_raker'

And then execute:

  $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

  $ gem install branch_raker

== Using Branch Raker

At the top of your Rakefile add

  require 'branch_raker'
  include BranchRaker

then define your make method:

  module BranchRaker
    def make src_dir, out_dir
      # code that builds your project's source located in src_dir and saves the build to out_dir
    end
  end

Running

  $ rake

will execute the default task +build:all+.

Other available rake tasks include:

* <tt>built:current</tt> lists branches with up to date builds.
* <tt>built:stale</tt> lists branches whose latest commit has not been built.
* <tt>build:branch[branch]</tt> builds named branch if its latest commit has not been built. If no branch given, builds current head.

== Development

=== Source Repository

The {Branch Raker source}[https://github.com/razor-x/branch_raker] is currently hosted at github.
To clone the project run

  $ git clone git://github.com/razor-x/branch_raker.git

== License

Branch Raker is licensed under the MIT license.

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.